nasal, nose
lacrimal, eyes
inferior nasal concha, nose
maxiallary, face
zygomatic, cheeks
temporal, head
palatine, mouth
parietal, head
malleus, ear
incus, ear
stapes, ear
frontal, head
ethmoid, nose
sphenoid, nasal
mandible, jaw
occipital, head
rib 1, shoulder
rib 2, shoulder
rib 3, torso
rib 4, torso
rib 5, torso
rib 6, torso
rib 7, torso
rib 8, torso
rib 9, waist
rib 10, waist
rib 11, waist
rib 12, waist
hyoid, neck
sternum, chest
cervical vertebrae 1, neck
c2, neck
c3, neck
c4, neck
c5, neck
c6, neck
c7, neck
thoracic vertebrae 1, back
t2, upper back
t3, upper back
t4, upper back
t5, upper back
t6, middle back
t7, middle back
t8, middle back
t9, middle back
t10, middle back
t11, middle back
t12, middle back
lumbar vertebrae 1, lower back
l2, lower back
l3, lower back
l4, lower back
l5, lower back
sacrum, butt
coccyx, privates
scapula, shoulder blades
clavicle, neck
humerus, arms
radius, forearm
ulna, forearm
scaphoid, wrist
lunate, wrist
triquetrum, wrist
pisiform, wrist
hamate, wrist
capitate, wrist
trapezoid, wrist
trapezium, wrist
metacarpal 1, fingers
proximal phalange 1, fingers
distal phalange 1, fingers
metacarpal 2, fingers
proximal phalange 2, fingers
middle phalange 2, fingers
distal phalange 2, fingers
metacarpal 3, fingers
proximal phalange 3, fingers
middle phalange 3, fingers
distal phalange 3, fingers
metacarpal 4, fingers
proximal phalange 4, fingers
middle phalange 4, fingers
distal phalange 4, fingers
metacarpal 5, fingers
proximal phalange 5, fingers
middle phalange 5, fingers
distal phalange 5, fingers
illium, hip
ischium, hip
pubis, hip
femur, thighs
patella, knee
tibia, shinbone
fibula, leg
talus, ankle
calcaneus, ankle
navicular, foot
medial cuneiform, foot
middle cuneiform, foot
lateral cuneiform, foot
cuboid, foot
metacarpal 1, toes
proximal phalange 1, toes
distal phalange 1, toes
metacarpal 2, toes
proximal phalange 2, toes
middle phalange 2, toes
distal phalange 2, toes
metacarpal 3, toes
proximal phalange 3, toes
middle phalange 3, toes
distal phalange 3, toes
metacarpal 4, toes
proximal phalange 4, toes
middle phalange 4, toes
distal phalange 4, toes
metacarpal 5, toes
proximal phalange 5, toes
middle phalange 5, toes
distal phalange 5, toes
